docs: react sdk guide, update quickstart guide to use @zitadel/react (#7300)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/examples/login/react.md

## Create a project role "admin" and assign it to your user

Also note the projects resource ID, as you will need it to configure your React client.

![Create project role "admin"](/img/react/project-role.png)

![Assign the "admin" role to your user](/img/react/project-authz.png)

If you want to read your users roles from user info endpoint, make sure to enable the checkbox in your project.

## React setup

Now that you have configured your web application on the ZITADEL side, you can proceed with the integration of your React client.

### Install React dependencies

To conveniently connect with ZITADEL, you can install the [@zitadel/react NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zitadel/react). Run the following command:

```bash
yarn add @zitadel/react
```

### Create and configure the auth service

The @zitadel/react package provides a `createZitadelAuth()` function which sets some defaults and initializes the underlying [oidc-client-ts](https://github.com/authts/oidc-client-ts) `UserManager` class.
You can overwrite all the defaults with the aguments you pass to `createZitadelAuth()`.

Export the object returned from `createZitadelAuth()`

> ### Initialize User Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize user manager
```

```ts reference
https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-react/blob/main/src/App.tsx
```

### Add two new components to your application

> First add the component which prompts the user to login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add the component which prompts the user to login
```

```ts reference
https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-react/blob/main/src/components/Login.tsx
```

> Then create the component for the page where the users is redirected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create the component for the page where the users will be redirected.
```

It loads the user info endpoint once the code flow completes and prints all the information.

```ts reference
https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-react/blob/main/src/components/Callback.tsx
```

> You can now read out a users role to show protected areas of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now read a user's role to show protected areas of the application.
```

### Run

> Finally you can start your application by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can start your application by running the following:
```

```
yarn start
```

## Completion

Congratulations! You have successfully integrated your React application with ZITADEL!

If you get stuck, consider checking out the [ZITADEL React example application](https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-react).
This application includes all the functionalities mentioned in this quickstart.

> You can start by cloning the repository and change the arguments to `createZitadelAuth` so they fit your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start by cloning the repository and changing the arguments to `createZitadelAuth` to fit your requirements.
```

If you face issues, contact us or [raise an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-react/issues).

![App in console](/img/react/app-screen.png)

### What's next?

> Now that you have enabled authentication, you are ready to call add authorization to your application using ZITADEL APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have enabled authentication, you are ready to add authorization to your application by using ZITADEL APIs.
```

To do this, [refer to the API docs](/apis/introduction) or check out [the ZITADEL Console code on GitHub](https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel) which uses gRPC to access data.

> For more information on how to create an Vue application, you can refer to [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to create a Vue application, you can refer to [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
```
